welcome back to money for breakfast I'm
Peter Barnes outsourcing has become a
big business companies outsource payroll
jobs payroll customer services and many
other things but now individuals are
beginning to rely on outsourcing
themselves you can get help on things
like your math homework joining us this
morning to talk about it is dr. John
stuffy president of tutor vista an
online tutoring service based in India
that offers educational assistance
worldwide and also with him a student
Roger Hall who is here in New York and
he uses tutor vistas services good
morning gentlemen all right outsourcing
payroll outsourcing accounting
outsourcing concierge services
outsourcing homework where did this come
from well homework tutoring and test
prep it's a very convenient and
affordable way of getting the help you
need from an expert who wherever in the
world they make do they happen to be
alright an expert who are these tutors
eighty-five percent of our tutors have a
masters or a PhD in the subject they
teach and five to ten years teaching
experience so their expert teachers and
really what we need to focus on is just
making sure they understand that
one-on-one live online experience and
what kind of subjects they we teach
30-plus subjects math anywhere from
elementary math the calculus geometry
algebra physics chemistry english
reading writing I mean we cover a lot of
subject plus test prep all right Roger
how did you get into this well I attend
the University of Phoenix online I'm in
my second year there and I needed help
with math math yes so I was trying to
find like a cost-effective way to just
to get the help that I needed and then I
came across Utah vista well how much
does it cost well um when I started
initially i paid 2499 for the first
month was a special rate right and that
was a money back guarantee so if I
didn't like it I would get a full refund
so that was on reasons I signed up for
it in addition they were there part of
the Better Business reliability program
online
so that helps as well but now what do
you pay you had an introduction of what
25 bucks a month and now what you pay I
believe no it's like 49 99 I thought was
like a hundred dollars a month isn't
9999 Roger nah rebuilds oh I don't even
know you said that these people that the
tutors you have in India is our PhDs
master's degrees and how much do they
get paid out of curiosity chur will get
three hundred to four hundred dollars a
month whereas the average salary for a
teacher is 150 to 200 dollars in India
in India they work from home which is a
real convenience for them they don't
have to commute many of them raise
children or they could be retired
professors so they make double what they
would make it a school and it's a lot
more convenient for them and are they
available twenty-four-seven I mean you
can call them across international time
zones no big deal no big deal they work
twenty-four-seven not every tutor works
24 7 but we have hundreds and hundreds
of tutors that work throughout the day
and night and how many students have you
got signed up right now this month we're
going to hit 16,000 students Wow Roger
your grades better or worse better
definitely alright good congratulations
all right then now we are going to look
at another side of this story instead of
outsourcing business offshore we're
going to talk about in sourcing in a
business that you would not normally
expect Fox businesses LP Warner has the
story